Add wasm sample (#841)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: functional-samples/cookbook.wasm-helloworld-print/README.md

> # WASM HelloWorld Demo

Reviewer: Similar note on updating to use the README template.

This recipe shows how to use WASM in Manifest V3.

To load WASM in Manifest V3, we need to use the `wasm-unsafe-eval` CSP directive ([Content Security Policy][0]).

## Running this extension

1. Clone this repository.
2. Load this directory in Chrome as an [unpacked extension][2].

> 3. Find the extension named "WASM Load Example - Helloworld" and open console panel of the background service worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the extension named "WASM Load Example - Helloworld" and inspect the service worker.
```

You will see the following output:

```
[from wasm] Inited.
[from wasm] Hello World!
[from wasm] Hello John
[from wasm] Hello  John
```

## Build WASM locally

We have already built the WASM file for you. If you want to build it yourself, follow the steps below.

1. Install [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/install.html).

2. Install [wasm-pack](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/).

   ```bash
   cargo install wasm-pack
   ```

3. Build WASM.

   ```bash
   cd wasm
   wasm-pack build --target web
   ```

## Notes

- To import the script generated by `wasm-pack`, we need to [declare the service worker as an ES Module][1].

```diff
 // manifest.json
 ...
 "background": {
     "service_worker": "background.js",
+    "type": "module"
 },
 ...
```

> [0]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/mv3-migration/#content-security-policy

Reviewer: These two links need updating, similar to above :)
